Hey, everyone.
Welcome to 2020 Western
Continental Secular Solstice.
This has been a
pretty intense year.
This is going to be a
pretty weird Solstice, and I'm
sorry.
And I'm sorry in particular
that we can't all, like,
actually be together
physically where, like, you can
be like, oh, there's a monkey
singing, and I'm also a monkey
and I'm singing, and we're all
singing together, and ahh, singing
together monkeys is great.
And we're not going to have
that in the canonical way.
You might think of that this
year,
and that's sad.
But,
I am in fact kind of excited
about the fact that in some
ways,
we are more all together this
year than we ever have been in
the past.
There's people tuning in here
from Berkeley and from Boston
and from New Hampshire and
from undisclosed locations in
the woods, and I,
I am like
just sort of boggled by the
prospect of
all of us being together like
never before.
We have put
a
stupidly ridiculous amount of
effort into building this
custom Solstice app so we can
all sing together for actuals.
I hope it works.
Now some of you might be like,
okay, so I've been to, like, ten
Secular
Solstices and this
one's all weird and different
and it's in a little rectangle,
and is it really going to be
the same, and what's exactly
going to happen to me?
I don't know and I'm a little
bit scared.
And some of you might be like,
whoa.
I've never been to a Secular
Solstice before in my life,
and I went to this one
because it was ridiculously
convenient and I'm not even
wearing pants,
but also, what's going to happen
to me though?
I don't really know what's
going on.
To both of you,
we will answer those questions
in
just a second.
But, first,
we've got a little story for
you.